faqs: Fix typo (#52)
flux-framework/flux-docs: faqs.rst

How do I mimic Slurm's jobstep semantics ?
------------------------------------------

> ``flux mini submit`` ing a script with ``flux mini run`` s will not result in Slurm-style jobsteps unless you stick ``flux start`` in front of the jobscript in ``flux mini submit`` .

Reviewer: actually isn't two `t`s correct for submitting? Perhaps use `-ing` (i.e. prefix with dash), or avoid attempting to append `-ing` to our commands in the docs, since doing this with multi-word commands is going to get confusing. This sentence could be reworded:
```suggestion
Using ``flux mini submit`` to submit a script containing multiple ``flux mini run`` invocations will not result in Slurm-style job steps unless the job script is prefixed with ``flux start``
```

Side note: Job steps are not usually called "jobsteps" and  a job script is not usually called a "jobscript", so we should avoid those in our docs.

Author: ohh i get it ... completing the word "submit-ting".   Yeah, I was thinking more generally `-ing` across a multi-word phrase.

I'll just go with your re-word above.  Which, given its the entirety of this patch, I'll make you the author :-)

Reviewer 2: > Job steps are not usually called "jobsteps" and a job script is not usually called a "jobscript", so we should avoid those in our docs.

We should pull those out of the spelling dictionary then too
